Hello you, I greet you all
welcome to a new video of
me and we are doing together today
Tasty muffins and what you like
I will show you shortly
So let's start on the far left
need sugar we need baking powder
we need mail a pinch of salt
we need oil we should need
every case medium or classic whole
I spout then we need cacau whole
important not to drink but
right back or dessert cacau then
we need two eggs and we need
of course, form a sieve
hand mixer a bowl and to decorate
after receiving kitchens glaze or in kitchens
blasum glaze powdered sugar chocolate
droplets of chocolate sprinkles sugar sprinkles
colorful sprinkles and so on and so forth
or almonds what you like to stop
afterwards decorate on your weapons
needs and how the whole thing works
I'll show you a lot of fun like this
First step for our muffins we
Feel a cup completely with oil
given that in our bowl then
We give a whole cup of sugar to the oil
and then both come yolk
and protein to the oil and sugar-free
and the whole is then only times
middle stage, nice and creamy
so here's a mugs flour pure and
we pass through a sieve so that the
nice fluffy afterwards will be at the
make it nice and easy
flaky are then half a cup
mail and half a packet of baking powder
touch it all over again and
then on top of that comes another pinch
salt and all this now for the first time
beautiful
now comes with the most important and indeed
It must be on each one
case medium be the same on top
and the whole thing will be back now
like that for example
decides you just want dark
make muffins then he stays at the
a bowl
I want bright and dark ones once
make for a small bowl
and there are a few chocolate droplets
no you can also chocolate sprinkles
take that under then I have one
prepared baking tray packs there now
have it all already on it
times the oven preheated to 200 degrees and
my bright muffins feel nice in the
pure form
Well and there happens the first misfortune there
I was just too few to have that
We were born fast
So I would always to just below
fill the edge because they go too
yet so for the dark muffins
we are now taking the cocoa in so
a three quarter cup the whole thing too
again through the sieve give it that beautiful
fluffy after all the muffins will that
It really important if you did that
have then only come back
the hand mixer in play and then stir
you see the really nice clinic
that's not tasty for my god on
it tastes the most delicious so the bowl
to noodle that's so delicious and that
I give now in the whole
tart- shaped or muffin-shaped
so and then the little ones get
in our preheated oven and then
so stay around and at eight to twelve
minutes in there until they train the high
went
yes and that is the result
and now they are really warm
I now have my colorful sugar sprinkles
and dribble some muffins with it
she wanted to make her look very colorful
and that she is too mad
they melt that is really nice
so mega yummy if you feel like it afterwards
are completely dried or cooled
are and then I still have
the school droplets decided too
to pack on top of that, but
by being mad as well
they always melt so nicely chocolate
and that's what they are
my muffins i hope you have that
video you like and you do it
So it is really super fix and
super fast and I'm happy if you
the next time turns on again
Wish you all the best today
day and would like me about pictures
instagram